README.md, before:

# OpenID Connect Federation 1.1

The OpenID Connect Federation 1.1 specification contains the protocol-specific functionality defined in [OpenID Federation 1.0](https://openid.net/specs/openid-federation-1_0.html).
This includes Entity Type Identifiers and Metadata for OpenID Connect and OAuth 2.0 Entities and Client Registration flows.
These can be used in multilateral federations for the purpose of establishing trust,
in combination with the protocol-independent functionality defined in OpenID Federation 1.1.
This specification introduces no new functionality not present in OpenID Federation 1.0.

## Current Builds

The latest editors' draft is [https://openid.github.io/connect-federation-1.1/main.html](https://openid.github.io/connect-federation-1.1/main.html).

Previews for each branch of this project are automatically built and published at the URL https://openid.github.io/connect-federation-1.1/$branchname.html.
Previews for branches associated with pending Pull Requests are accessible using this pattern.

## News

News about OpenID Federation is available at the OpenID Foundation website [here](https://openid.net/tag/federation/).

## Working on the Specification

To get started working on the specification, clone this repository and review the documentation provided in the root directory.

````bash
git clone https://github.com/openid/connect-federation-1.1.git
cd connect-federation-1.1
````
Read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to this project.

## Contact Info

For further information and to get involved, visit the [OpenID Connect Working Group website](https://openid.net/wg/connect/).

Commit message:

Add link to released spec

README.md, after:

# OpenID Connect Federation 1.1

The OpenID Connect Federation 1.1 specification contains the protocol-specific functionality defined in [OpenID Federation 1.0](https://openid.net/specs/openid-federation-1_0.html).
This includes Entity Type Identifiers and Metadata for OpenID Connect and OAuth 2.0 Entities and Client Registration flows.
These can be used in multilateral federations for the purpose of establishing trust,
in combination with the protocol-independent functionality defined in OpenID Federation 1.1.
This specification introduces no new functionality not present in OpenID Federation 1.0.

## Releases

The latest released draft of the specification is https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-federation-1_1.html.

## Current Builds

The latest editors' draft is [https://openid.github.io/connect-federation-1.1/main.html](https://openid.github.io/connect-federation-1.1/main.html).

Previews for each branch of this project are automatically built and published at the URL https://openid.github.io/connect-federation-1.1/$branchname.html.
Previews for branches associated with pending Pull Requests are accessible using this pattern.

## News

News about OpenID Federation is available at the OpenID Foundation website [here](https://openid.net/tag/federation/).

## Working on the Specification

To get started working on the specification, clone this repository and review the documentation provided in the root directory.

````bash
git clone https://github.com/openid/connect-federation-1.1.git
cd connect-federation-1.1
````
Read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to this project.

## Contact Info

For further information and to get involved, visit the [OpenID Connect Working Group website](https://openid.net/wg/connect/).
